okay wait a second Daniel this is your
first production meeting here at
scalawag Studios okay just remember not
to talk told mr. mayonnaise addresses
you first mr. mayonnaise that's a weird
man oh don't say that he's very
temperamental and he's very busy so his
time is precious yeah and don't look
directly to the eyes and make sure you
had plenty of ideas to back up to shoot
your first one down he is the studio
head after all studio head muscles was a
YouTube channel well it is but he has
the user name on the password so he
owned it come on let's go
good morning sir how's the world
treating mr. mayonnaise and who is just
may I ask oh I'm Daniel sir I'm here to
help the creative process I'm a writer
yeah sure you up all right boys listen
our last video only got two thousand
three hundred views all right we need to
step it up because we've all uneven
losing money disk quota now what do we
got okay how about this cat playing with
lightsaber think LOL Cats meets the Star
Wars kid I like it but cats are out dogs
all right what else okay how about
there's a girl and she's crying right
about how much he loves justin bieber i
like when your head is now what's your
name regina great i love your idea next
okay after dark all the characters in a
theme park come to life and help a
little boy believe in magic again you
sick son of a bitch don't you ever steal
anything so awful in this room ever
again next okay think about that monkeys
playing the tree only the music is sped
up 1,000% to wait for it the Benny Hill
theme song like it but instead of just
playing the monkeys they're gonna be
doing polite really in circle oh and
then how about we have a cat I mean a
dog chasing its tail until like it's
dizzying falls down boys boys boys I
think we've got it I like it that gold
what else we got alright so Mannion is
different access to find love with women
but soon he forgets which accents used
with which women and it all falls apart
making them question what true love
really is get up what get the fuck out
how dare you waste my precious time with
those sick perverted psychopathic ideas
of yours I our studio to run this isn't
a studio with a YouTube channel oh yeah
well when you get a video that has
15,000 hits then you can talk to me when
you make it to the top like me then you
can speak but until then you can suck on
my corporate teeth for all I care what i
feel is Hollywood baby's scalp
you're not even producing creative
content all you make is this viral crap
there's no characters there's no story
feeling in syllable oh well when you
have a secretary at a big studio in your
pocket then you can talk I was watching
a Numa Numa guy when you was just in
diapers actually I was in college you've
wasted enough of my precious tied up
yeah I don't need this I'm a member of
the Writers Guild I gave my screenplay
to Stephen Baldwin once at a starbucks
who the fuck is stephen baldwin Paul get
security give me Social Security you
know what don't bother I'm out of here
you'll never work in this town again
sorry you didn't work out Daniel yeah
it's okay man maybe you can get a job
someplace less successful like MGM weird
Fox News oh that's how many go let's go
eat gold I love this down